README.md	Basic Python Projects	These are basic projects written in Python. They use various modules such as tkinter or sqlite3.Projects:* Phonebook* Check Files GuiPhonebookThis project functions as a phone book for a user. It saves a contact’s name, phone number, and email address in a database and allows the user to update and delete previously stored entries.Check Files GuiThis project allows the user to choose transfer all .txt files from one chose directory to another. All files that are moved will be saved in a database.Django CheckbookThis project allows users to add new accounts and keep a running total of account depositsName/Address/Contact informationIf you have an unprofessional email address, be sure to create a more professional one for job searches.Experience SummaryThis should be a few (4-7) brief lines about major areas of experience. If your resume is light on tech experience, you can make this more impressive by using key accomplishments drawn from other industries. Make sure they apply to IT work as well. For example, if you had to run a team in a retail environment, you may want to list that (without specifying that it was in the retail world). Those skills most definitely translate to other industries. Once you're in the interview, you'll have an opportunity to bring up details and demonstrate how that will help in your tech work.Skills SummaryThis is where you list your technical skill set (usually by category) – Programming Languages, Operating Systems, Web Frameworks, Database Technologies, etc. This is where the hiring manager will hurry to see if you have enough of the items in his long list of desired skills. He will know that most applicants won't have all of them – usually, he or she is looking for enough matches that it's probable that you'll be a good match.ExperienceHere is where you list out your chronological work experience, from most recent to oldest. You usually don't need to go back more than five years; be ready to add more if it's requested. Usually you list your title on the job, as well as a brief description of your main responsibility (Senior .NET developer or Full-stack business application development for an enterprise environment). Then list the skill set used in that exact role – languages, project management methodology, various frameworks for web development, O/RMs, Source Control, etc. If you've used something that's a bit cutting edge, be sure to mention it here. Then list key projects worked on. Each should take one or two sentences, tops. Don’t write a huge paragraph here. If the interviewer wants to know explicit details, they’ll ask during the interview.Education and TrainingParticularly for your training at The Tech Academy, provide a fair bit of detail here. It should be only a paragraph or so, but be sure to mention the subjects learned, as well as the practical aspects of the program. I.e., any Live Projects that are accessible on the web, and any major accomplishments during your program.Name/Address/Contact informationLink to your LinkedInLink to your GitHub portfolioThe URL for your portfolio websiteExperience SummarySkills SummaryExperienceEducation and TrainingPoints to keep in mind:Consistent formatProfessional appearanceportlandjobplacement@learncodinganywhere.com